hey guys what's up la be back here um
just making a quick video basically um
sure you like tell you guys what I've
been doing oh yeah I changed my username
from no not my main but on my skiller
you wanna add mice killer anyone cat my
skill a user name is dr. fire maker it
might sound gay well actually this
pretty gay but I'd like it um yeah as
you see I've been staking give 250k away
which I don't know why ah yeah so like
we're winning some money one of those
steaks um yeah um anyways you have a
winning takes um oh you can't see it
well you can see it anyways um what I am
doing right now so I'm trying to get
term well um like I almost have enough
cash I'm 20 mil away um yeah so
hopefully like a chance taking and crap
um yeah staking and I know this is
stupid but if there's anyone out there
that has like 18 Billy or something and
wouldn't mind sharing me 20 mil for just
a little bit it'd be really cool you to
just let me borrow some money I know
it's really stupid to ask for money but
like I wanted turmoil for so long and I
probably seems pretty desperate um but
Jesus Christ Arab oil um yeah um I was
doing something harks became like pretty
high risk and crap and got some cool
loops and um yeah anyways uh I decided
to be stupid to keep risking to parks
because well if I lost talks then I lose
10 mil then i'd be down 30 ml and it'd
be like ah fuck let's do the type that
in
yeah um yeah I just don't want to lose
the heart so I sold it um trying to buy
d bones right now but like yeah I need
20 ml basically um yeah so after turmoil
and stuff that's all keeps taking and
other things like and a lot of sticking
glitches going on so I've got to take a
little bit of a break from staking um
sorry if that's right in your eyes still
eating sheep um as for butters there's
been like I don't bought but like from
news I've been hearing from a lot of
people is a people been putting like key
loggers and like our spot clients and
stuff like that and I find a hilarious
that the bodies and crap are basically
basically getting key walked for body so
yeah I found that hilarious cuz I'm I
had a friend to go damn we got a key
look man I was like what were you doing
he was like body I was like dip nope
body stupid I don't really care if
anyone else does it but I I mean I
really just don't really care um yeah
anyways so getting turn well um been
boxing let's see i'm about to get what
19 millets be and this magic imaging
gear of a skill um yes um dungeoneering
I'm so close to a mall and you guys are
gonna enjoy that because I'm gonna do
some awesome decays with that um but
like for like the last couple weeks so I
haven't really been playing a whole lot
free trade just came out so I was like
oh my god gotta play free trade and so
yeah that's how this kind of happened um
so yeah pretty amazing um if you guys
have a skype put your skype name below
even you hack sirs which i will add um
yeah so you oh wow you're killing me
I've kind of thought I'd win a bit more
by turmoil I would be winning um yeah so
yeah I'm plan just like keep trying to
get turmoil and stuff and we'll have to
see what happens um yeah I'll definitely
make a vid for that probably have a kind
of a cool party and I wanted to like
have subscribers in crap com um yeah I
think that'd be like really cool have
like a small party hike doesn't even
have to be a legit party can just be
kind of this like fun I'll get that
later um no if you guys i mean i'm not i
don't even want your money if you don't
even have a lot but if you have a lot of
excess money or just even some spare
money you wouldn't mind just like giving
for a little like just even a whip or
something I mean really help and I I
mean I don't know it's making me kinda
depressed cuz i'm watching all these
vids like no one's perfect no one's
perfect is like oh I broke a spore I
just got to my own Austin he's like look
at this video so I i watched vid and he
got 500 mil worth of donations i was
like that was like the jacking off
motion just just I know you can't see me
boom sorry about that um anyways I was
watching like other vids and people get
my country than hundreds of millions of
donations so yeah I just need 20 ml and
I know it's stupid to beg but yeah I
don't know if you even wanted to I would
go on skype and I actually have a webcam
I get down on my knees in beg yeah
that's pretty desperate
yeah but I'm already six minutes into
the bid so I think I'll keep that um
yeah guys I'm gonna be interesting so if
you guys have any other things just send
me a message or something and put your
skype name if you play ps3 call a duty
or anything like that put your but make
sure to put ps3 name and skype name so I
know the difference um ah the rest of
this video we'll just don't be
explaining like what I'm date on my
skill here so you can either like stop
now or whatever I'll be right back in
second yo I'm back and this is muscular
yeah um oh let's see let's go someone
high detail and emote look fireman came
up i had I've had this count for like a
long last time um hey planning height
detail it just looks too real I don't
know it looks just like to 3d and crap i
just really just hate it oh Christ oh I
just love doing oh uh oh my god ok
anyways I'm school again I would cut in
a machine and uh doing stuff that's
basically all I'm doing um
yeah so it's all good on my skill where
I don't know it's like the best one
minute of your life whatever guys take
care and good look